(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
I've never seen anything
like that before.
Quinton and I built it.
It's an interdimensional
teleporter.
We're going to force open the
portal to another dimension...
and send you to Astral World.
It could very well
be a one-way trip.
I don't care it's a risk
I'm totally willing to take!
(Quinton)
Charge up the Astralite!
When it reaches maximum
strength, we'll release all
the stored energy in a single
burst that'll create
a wormhole to Astral World!
(Tori) Hey guys, look!
The teleporter's
fully charged!
Hey, don't mess this up!
Go find Astral and
bring him back, Yuma!
Will do!
You know I'll come
back, right Tori?
Yes...
If you promise you will, Yuma!
Yeah, I promise, Tori.
I'm on my way, Astral.
I'm gonna find you and bring you
back with me no matter what it
takes... because
I'm feelin' the flow!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
Whoa!
Is that Astral World?
Quinton and Kite did it!
They got me here!
Well almost.
What was that?
Hey! I know you!
You're my dad's lucky
Rainbow Kuriboh!
Hey, wait up!
Where you going?
Oh, I get it!
You want me to follow
you to Astral World!
Whoa, what happened?
This must be Astral World!
Kinda gloomy...
Now I know where
Astral gets it from.
Cool looking city.
But it's so big, how am
I ever gonna find Astral?
It could take like forever.
What's all this?
Looks like someone forgot
to water the plants.
Wonder what happened?
They're like, everywhere!
Whoa! What'd I do?
What did I do?
Hey! What do you think
you're doing?
You could've hurt me you know!
Whoa...
Who or what are you?
So you are Yuma Tsukumo.
Hold up!
How do you know my name?
You should not be here.
You must be contained.
Nice pups...
Cute little pooches...
Call off the mutts!
This is handy.
(Mizar) Impossible!
I tell you, Mizar, it is true!
I returned to the underground
temple where I first
witnessed the strange visions.
While I stood there,
slowly but surely,
the images in my mind
became clearer, more vivid!
It was as if lost memories
were returning to me!
They told of a time
before I was a Barian!
A long time ago,
when I was human!
But by that logic, then
the visions I had...
Were your memories, from
when you lived as a human.
I know this is something
you still do not believe.
But if the legends at the
ruins reveal our memories,
then I believe
I have found Nash.
Wait, you are putting your trust
in some sort of fairytale?
Yes Mizar.
Thanks for saving me!
Now let's steer clear of
the walking light bulb!
Guess I spoke too soon!
Wasn't he behind
us a second ago?
Forget behind us!
He's all around us!
Oh, man! We're
completely surrounded!
Looks like we're sunk!
Whoa! You're
incredible!
You totally gave him the slip!
He's never gonna
find us down here!
Aww, c'mon, seriously?
That's it! No more
speaking too soon!
Kuriboh!
Kuriboh, you've got so many
tricks up your fins...
First you turn into a boat,
then into a submarine.
But honestly, the only trick
I'd love to see you do next
is lead me to
straight to Astral.
Hey, Yuma.
It's... my dad!
Listen carefully.
Astral is in danger.
Okay.
The Guardian of this worldhas
passed judgment on him.
Astral has been deemeda
danger to the people here.
He will be erased!
I won't let that happen!
Rainbow Kuriboh willguide you to Astral.
Be safe.
Yuma, I'm counting on you.
You're the only one
who can save him.
Dad...
All right!
Let's get going!
And save Astral!
(Shark)
Rio, I don't know what
to think anymore.
I have like two sets of memories
that don't go together.
How could I have been in a car
crash if I was fighting Vector
in ancient times?
Then our family crest is
the same as the Barians?
What's going on?
If I only had some answers.
But even if I did have some
answers, I don't know if they'd
make things clearer or
just more confusing...
Nothing makes sense anymore.
Hey! What are you
doing here, Dumon?
You better be
dropping off flowers!
I'm here because you
need to know the truth.
Reginald Kastle, your real
name is Nash and you are one
of the seven Barian Emperors.
(Yuma)
Stay on its tail
Goblindbergh!
All the way to Astral!
Okay, you got me!
What do you want?
You will leave this world
on your own or by my hand.
Your choice!
Gimme Astral and I'll leave.
That will not happen.
This guy really
doesn't want me around!
Kuri, Kuri?
Rainbow Kuriboh...
Where am I now?
(Enna) ln a safe place where you can
rest and hide from Eliphas,
until you are ready to
continue your mission.
Who are you?
My name is Enna.
Enna...
Are you the one who saved
me and brought me here?
I am.
How can I thank you?
I only ask that you
save the others.
You got it!
Who needs saving?
These are the ones
that need your help.
Like myself, each is an
inhabitant of this world,
but tragically they
have become ill.
Their life force weakens
with each breath they take.
But there's so many!
How am I supposed
to help them all?
Simply touch them.
What do you mean?
It can't be that easy?
It is, please.
Share your life force
with this boy.
He needs you.
Okay.
Here goes.
You mean just like this?
How'd I do that?
There is a spark
within you that
no longer exists on this world.
Where'd it go?
Long ago the people of Astral
World saw this spark,
this chaos energy as
something dangerous,
something that needed
to be eliminated.
We thought we were doing the
right thing, but we were wrong.
By purging ourselves of
this energy, we lost part
of ourselves and now our
planet is suffering.
You are our only hope.
No way...
Yuma, you are our only hope.
If our world is
to have a chance,
you must free Astral
before he is erased.
You must go now for the
Guardian will soon be here.
I'm gonna save you, Astral!
And together we're
gonna save your world!
Kuri, Kuri!
Kuri!
Astral's up there,
Rainbow Kuriboh?
All right.
Let's get moving!
Yuma has been here.
Yes, Eliphas.
He has helped us all.
No, he did not.
He has infected you
as he did Astral.
You will pay for your actions,
but first I must take
care of the boy.
Astral, are you here?
Astral! I found you!
Astral!
All right, I found you at last!
Now I'm bustin'
you out of here.
So let's get going!
Snap out of it!
Let's go!
(Eliphas)
You are not
going anywhere.
You're...
I am the Guardian
of Astral World.
Those that I protect
call me Eliphas.
Well, listen up,
Astral's coming with me!
No, he is not.
Why?
Astral was born with
a twin purpose:
to destroy Barian World and
to guide our world towards
its destiny of
evolving its power.
But to carry out his duties,
he needed to remain pure.
Your chaos energy has infected
him and he has been tainted.
He is no longer pure.
He must be erased.
This is all my fault?
He's getting rid of Astral,
all 'cause of me?
Astral, I...
Wait a second!
I didn't "taint" him!
I never did anything
to hurt him.
We helped each other!
Sure Astral may have
changed a bit 'cause of me.
But I changed 'cause
of him, too!
We changed together!
Every time we laughed, or when
we cried; even when we argued,
and especially when we dueled,
we always did
everything together!
He's like a part of me,
and I'm like a part of him!
I already lost Astral once
and I'm not letting
that happen again!
Free my friend now, Eliphas,
or face the consequences!
What's it gonna be?
I will not let Astral
leave this world.
Then let's duel!
Very well.
Here are my terms.
Win and he goes free.
Lose and you do not!
I don't like
the sound of that!
Choose now.
Okay, fine!
You got it!
Let's do this!
Duel Disk go!
Duel Gazer let's roll!
Let us duel!
Let's duel!
I shall go first!
(Yuma)
If Eliphas is guarding this
entire planet all by himself,
he's gotta be really
tough to beat!
But I can't let that
psych me out,
'cause I have to win this duel!
I activate two copies of the
spell Mysterious Monolith!
These arcane statues allow me
to summon a Rank 4 Xyz Monster.
What?
There are spell cards
that let you Xyz Summon?
Watch as I overlay my
two Mysterious Monoliths!
With these two cards,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon...
the all mighty New Order 4!
Etheric Anubis!
Then I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Hope that monster isn't as
powerful as it is scary.
It's my turn!
Here goes... I draw!
Rainbow Kuriboh?
All right!
You're gonna stick around
and duel with me too, huh?
Kuri, Kuri!
That's awesome.
I summon Ganbara Knight!
That lets me also
summon Kagetokage!
Next I overlay my Level 4
Ganbara Knight and Kagetokage!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
Utopia should not even exist!
That Number is a disgusting
abomination created by the
revolting alliance you
formed with Astral!
Watch what you say
about my monster...
And for the record my bond
with Astral is not revolting!
And it's much more than an
alliance, it's a friendship,
and Utopia is a symbol of that!
I see.
This means I can destroy
your friendship
by destroying your Utopia!
(Yuma)
How's he think he's
gonna do that
when only a Number
can destroy a Number?
Something's not right here.
There must be some reason
why he summoned that monster.
I wish I knew what to do next.
(Astral) Yuma...
You know what you have to do.
Feel the flow, Yuma.
Words to live by, Astral!
Here goes!
I activate the equip
spell Reverse Breaker!
I equip this card on Utopia.
Then I'll have my
Utopia attack Anubis!
Now you'll find out
why I equipped Utopia
with Reverse Breaker!
See every time Utopia attacks,
it destroys one of your spells
or traps, and you
can't activate
any other spells
or traps either.
Say bye-bye
to your facedown!
And while you're at it,
you might as well say
"so long" to Anubis too!
Oh, I would not be
so sure about that, Yuma!
What?
Whenever you destroy my spell or
trap card, Etheric Anubis can
use one of its Overlay Units
to bring that card back.
This spells certain
doom for you.
Gaze into Mysterious Mirror!
This powerful card has
a dreadful double effect.
Not only does my
monster avoid destruction,
you take the damage
that I would have taken!
This is bad!
I activate Utopia's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Utopia's stops its attack!
Ah, you are more skilled
than you appear!
You got that right!
Thanks to Astral!
He took my dueling
to the next level!
And I'll use his
training to beat you!
I think not.
Astral may have trained you,
but that will not be
enough to beat me,
for I wield all of Astral
World's dueling skills
in the palm of my hand!
That's not good.
You have made a drastic
understatement!
For I wield the power to choose
the very cards
I will draw!
Uh-oh...
I hope this isn't
what I think it is!
This brilliant light
darkens your fate!
Tremble before the power
of Shining Draw!
♪ ♪